Add autocompletion to headline features (#1982)
theforeman/theforeman.org: _includes/manuals/3.3/1.2_release_notes.md

### Headline features

#### DSL Autocompletion in templates

The template editor now has embedded DSL documentation

> (https://yourforeman/templates_doc) as autocompletion feature similarly to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(https://yourforeman/templates_doc) as an auto-completion feature that is similar to
```

modern text editors or IDEs. It allows users to list all available macros whilst
writing a new or changing an existing template. An item in the list shows the

> signature of the macro, its description and examples how to use it. Each item

Reviewer: ```suggestion
signature of the macro, its description and examples of how to use it. Each item
```
